### Model 1
For a digital image using RGB color mode, we first separate the three color channels of red, green and blue.The image data of each channel can be represented by a two-dimensional matrix. Each element in the two-dimensional matrix corresponds to one pixel, and its value is the pixel's gray value. After obtaining the three two-dimensional matrices, We first convert it from RGB to YCbCr. Where Y is the brightness component, Cb is the blue color component, and Cr is the red color component.The human eye is more sensitive to the Y component, so it will be less noticeable to the naked eye when subsampling the chromaticity component to reduce the chromaticity component.YCbCr color space and RGB color space conversion formulas are as follows:
\[\begin{cases}Y=0.299R+0.587G+0.114B\\Cb=0.564(B-Y)\\Cr=0.713(R-Y)\end{cases}\]
\[\begin{cases}R=Y+1.402Cr\\G=Y-0.344Cb-0.714Cr\\B=Y+1.772Cb\end{cases}\]

We decide use YCbCr 4:2:0 format,which is by far the most common color representation used in compressedimages and video.[1] 

We sampled it in a 4:2:0 format. 4: 0 will correspond to four brightness values with 1 color value. For the first chromaticity element, there are two sample values, and the second chromaticity element will not be sampled. This does not produce a complete color image. In fact, 4:2:0 means that each scan has two color samples, which are sampled every two lines.

This sampling is to achieve certain lossy compression without affecting the visual experience.

we divide them into sub-blocks separately to improve the efficiency of subsequent operations. Our specific operation is to divide the original matrix into sub-blocks of 8 × 8 in order from left to right and from top to bottom. After this step, A sub-block is considered as the basic unit to operate.
There are two things to note about blocking.
* Each value in the two-dimensional matrix needs to be subtracted by 128 before blocking so that the range of each value in the two-dimensional matrix is changed from 0 to 255 to -128 to 127.
* The length or width of the original image is not a multiple of 8, which needs to make up to be multiples of 8 so that the two-dimensional matrix is completely divided into several sub-blocks.
There are three advantages to blocking:
* To facilitate the DCT.
* There are no restrictions on the length-width ratio of the image.
* Take into account the local similarity of the picture.

From article 1, we learned that, The discrete cosine transform (DCT) is a technique for converting a signal into elementary frequency components. It is widely used in image compression. 